[ "America The Beautiful"
plays ]
Dre: The American Dream
says work hard,
pay your dues, and anything
you ever want can be yours.
Unless you're Black.
To get even a tiny drop
of that respect we deserve,
Black people
have to be the best.
No, the greatest.
And because
we have to be great,
that excellence oozes
through everything we do ‐‐
how we walk, how we talk,
and especially how we look.
We don't have a choice.
Our path to the American Dream
is so narrow
that one perceived slip
brings out the haters.
Serena was on her way
to winning another French Open,
but all they could talk about
was her catsuit.
Barack Obama went three racks
in his closet,
and everyone lost their minds.
So, as always,
Black people gotta do
even more than we already do.
That's why the Johnsons
always bring it.
Time for
a freshness check.
Okay.
So, Adidas top
and sweats,
and I even got the socks.
Okay. No notes.
You are my favorite.
Get outta here.
These shoes don't drop
for another month.
Don't listen
to what I just told him.
You're my favorite.
Alright.
[ Ominous chord strikes ]
Whoa! Whoa! Do you think
you're leaving this house
looking like you've been rolling
around in flour all day?!
Don't you move.
You stay right there.
Unh‐unh! Did you really think
you were gonna leave this house
with them
fire‐startin' legs?
What you think
this is, huh?
Mnh‐mnh.
I ain't the one.
Devante,
What are you doing?
He thinks I'm the one, Bow.
I ain't the one.
Come here, boy.
Okay. Oh ‐‐
[ Scoffs ] Like I'm gonna let
this little boy's knees
undo all of Dr. King's work.
You are presentable.
Beat it. Unh!
I get it, Dre.
He's ashy.
But don't you think you went
a little bit overboard there?
I'm having flashbacks
to when you
shaved Jack's head
because his lineup
was off.
There's no such thing
as overreacting
when your family's honor
is at stake.
What my baby
talkin' about?
Our family honor?
This one was
gonna let Devante
go to school ashy.
Oh, Lord.
Rainbow: Dre,
that's not what I said.
She tryin'
to get that baby snatched up
by Black CPS!
Mm‐hmm.
What's...Black CPS?
Black Child
Protective Services!
Okay. That's ‐‐
That's not a thing.
Oh, it's a thing.
They guard our kids
against Black parents
who ain't got no damn sense.
Okay.
You.
Snatched up that Baxter boy
when Dre was 7
'cause he always had
crusty eyes
and chapped lips.
That...didn't happen.
You better believe
it happened.
[ Scoffs ]
Swooped in like the feds
with that, uh,
Elián González
and placed him
with a family of witnesses
on the good side
of the 10 Freeway!
Uh, thank you so ‐‐
Thank you so much, Ruby.
Ashy.
Yeah, thank you.
[ Scoffs ]
Thank you.
Yeah, no.
She's right.
Is she?
Yea‐‐
I'm talking about Devante
knowing he should never
leave this house
looking like
a little Dennis Rodman.
Well, I think you need to be
a little less worried
about Devante's legs
and a little bit
more worried
about the things
you say to him.
The things
I say to him?
Yeah.
I'm talking no different than
how I talk to all of our kids.
What we learned
about parenting
has evolved
since we had Zoey.
It is very important for us
to stay up on what's new.
Just last week,
I heard a podcast
where they shared
new research...
Mm‐hmm.
...saying that the words
we use have meaning,
including
the positive ones.
So when we say to our kids,
"Oh, you're so smart,
you're so pretty,
you're so strong,"
they think that
they have no value
if they are not
those things.
Well, what makes a child
valuable?
Because they don't have
no money.
Okay, well,
I just don't want us
to give our kids
a complex.
We're four for four, Bow!
Zoey went to college,
Junior has a job,
Diane takes
all honor classes,
and Jack ‐‐
Jack used the can opener
the other day.
I'm not worried.
You know what? Fine, Dre.
Forget I said anything.
I already have.
Okay, great.
I love you so much.
Bye‐bye.
Love you, too.
Olivia: Wow.
I'm impressed with the whole
routine they have here.
When I was in school,
any old pervert
could walk on campus.
Oh, no. It used to be
like that over here, too,
before we found out Coach Weeks
wasn't a gym teacher.
Whoa! Wha‐‐ You guys have
Picture Day tomorrow?!
See, this is the kind
of stuff that should
be in the calendar.
Yep, and I know exactly
what my look is gonna be.
Bookish beauty
who turns heads
just by taking off
her glasses.
Mm. Diane, that's just
some dumb movie trope. You ‐‐
Oh, my God!
You're stunning!
Thank you.
Mm‐hmm.
What about you, Jack?
What do you got planned?
Oh, I'm just gonna hit it
with my classic ‐‐
the "bless 'em."
♪♪
Okay. Are you sure you want
to go with that, Jack?
Your high‐school
yearbook photo
is one of your top‐four
lifetime photos of all time!
Yeah.
It's right up there
with your driver's license,
your passport,
and your wedding photo.
And my personal favorite ‐‐
mugshot.
Look at these baby waves.
I'm not pressed. I got this.
Okay, no, Jack,
this is not a joke.
This picture
will follow you forever.
In mine, there was
a weird shadow on my chest,
and everybody thought
I was stuffing my bra.
They called me "Crinkle Cups"
every day after that
for three years.
It's how they announced me
at graduation.
Wow.
Yeah.
Uh, thank you, Olivia.
I‐I guess it is a big photo.
It is, yeah.
I said that.
Yeah, but you're
unreliable.
Yeah, seriously,
though.
Shouldn't you be at work
right now?
Get out.
Get a job, bro.
I got a job.
Jack:
Disappointed.
Don't play with my bag.
♪♪
That's a hundred.
Wow. I did not think
you were gonna do it.
And all
for just $44.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, this might be
a bad time to ask,
but I actually need
to borrow exactly $44.
Hey. What's going on,
fellas?
[ Muffled cough ]
Check this out.
Bow thinks the way
I talk to Devante
is gonna mess him up.
Mm.
Well, you named
him Devante.
Uh, that doomed him
to ride the bus.
But lookit. So what?
You know, he's had
trauma in his life.
Big deal.
Trauma actually makes kids
better, okay?
Look at Kawhi Leonard,
Prince Harry, Batman.
Don't forget about Simba.
[ Chuckles ]
I had an uncle
just like that.
He tried to kill me
a gang of times.
Yeah. Dre, think about all
the great men we'd miss out on
if they didn't go
through trauma as kids.
I haven't
traumatized him, okay?
I'm just telling him
like it is,
and if I come off blunt,
no big deal, alright?
Kids are resilient.
I completely agree.
It is a father's duty
to be direct,
to prepare them
for the world.
Mm!
It's all this touchy‐feely crap
that the moms tell 'em.
That's what
screws 'em up.
Yeah, like, uh, "Someone will
love you for who you are."
"Bullies are just
jealous of you."
"No one's gonna make fun
of your tail, Josh."
You had a tail?
That tracks.
Hey, Dre?
Dre: Mm?
Freak here is right.
The real world
needs real talk.
Exactly. If I didn't
give it to him raw,
I wouldn't be doing my job
as a loving, present
Black father.
That's right.
My Black father
was very present.
Gave me notes
on everything ‐‐
how to chew my food,
my handwriting, how to snore...
how weird my nipples look
through my shirts.
By pointing out my flaws,
it made me a better person.
Wait, wait, wait.
Is that why you wear vests
all the time?
Because of
your weird nipples?
Fashion choice only.
Okay, guys,
thank you for your input,
and my children will not be
developing any weird complexes.
They know
that I love them all
and I'm coming
from a good place.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have some real work to do.
You can see them
through my hands?
Here's the thing ‐‐
I know I'm a good dad.
I'm teaching my children
the right lessons,
and that's why
they're just fine.
Kids! Come get this
fancy‐ass pizza that's...
not as good but more expensive
than Pizza Hut!
Devante:
I'm ashy, Daddy.
I don't want to be ashy.
Oh, man.
I broke my kid.
[ Clattering ]
What the hell?
Man:
Police, police, police!
Okay!
Black CPS.
Where's the child you broke?
♪♪
We're taking you with us
to La Jolla.
You'll be safe there.
Devante: Bye, Daddy.
But you didn't see him,
man!
Every time he took a step,
his knees ignited a fire!
It's his mama's fault!
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Okay, buddy.
I tried to fight it,
but Bow was right.
I gave our kids a complex.
Why do you have
that guilty face?
What did you do?
I think
I broke our baby, Bow.
He was putting lotion on
like a redhead on a beach!
The whole room smelled like
a Bath & Body Works.
Oh, Dre...
Dre, Dre, Dre, Dre, Dre.
It seems as if your...drive
to be the best dad ever
has skidded on the lotion
of your bad decisions.
I told you
this would happen.
Words have consequences!
Two years of saying
"pee in the toilet,"
and this is what sticks?
Ah, I think I messed up
one of our kids.
Mnh.
One of your kids?
Come on, big guy.
All of us need therapy.
What are you talking about?
You're fine, boy.
I can't even play games
'cause you told me
the only point
of competition
is to wipe the floor
with the blood of your enemies.
And?
He breaks out into hives
before game night.
See, Dre?
Words are very powerful.
But now that you're ready
to evolve, I...
I have the perfect podcast
for you.
[ Sweetly ]
A child is like a boat,
and a parent
is like a gentle breeze.
Those are just my thoughts.
Thoughts from a doctor.
I'm Dr. Rainbow Johnson.
Thank you for listening
to "Bow Knows Parenting"
with Dr. Rainbow Johnson, MD.
[ Normal voice ] Okay.
Well, that did not record.
I didn't mean
to mess up my kid.
I guess I just got to
figure out a way to fix this.
No, no! Let the expert
handle Devante.
You just try not to cause
any more damage, alright?
Yeah.
I'm gonna go save
my ‐‐ my kid.
Okay, look.
I know this looks bad,
but if we
learned anything
from the Michael Jordan
documentary,
it's that there's
a price for greatness.
Oh, no.
Here come the hives.
Okay...
[ Groans ]
♪♪
Look. Please don't stop
on my account.
I am very entertained.
I've been here for hours,
but I can't figure out
what I'm gonna do
for this school picture.
Nothing I'm trying
is gonna make an impression
that'll stand
the test of time.
Look, look.
Pew, pew, pew!
See? Forgettable.
[ Groans ]
Bro, you are missing
the forest
for the trees, man.
It's about the whole
look and the vibe you
bring into it.
Okay, um,
what's my vibe right now?
"Grown man who watches
children's movies...alone."
I'm gonna blow this.
Look.
Don't you worry, friend.
I've got your back.
[ Kool & the Gang's
"Hollywood Swinging" plays ]
♪♪
So, Diane had gotten
her hooks into Jack,
and it was going to be a test
of whether I could keep myself
from doing lasting damage
to my kids.
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
Because this...
this was not it.
♪♪
[ Bell dinging ]
♪ Say hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ What ya got to say? ♪
Look...
at you.
See, Diane's
made me realize
that the way to make
a lasting impression
is to channel
those NBA greats.
If my classmates are gonna
remember me for anything,
it's gonna be that I pulled off
the Full Westbrook.
Wait.
Ah. Can't forget
my timepiece.
It makes the fit.
Yes, it does.
Thanks for your help.
The pleasure
was truly all mine.
What?
While I succeeded
at biting my tongue,
Bow tried to clean up
my mess with Devante.
[ Chuckles ]
Hi, sweetheart.
Look at that nice truck!
Vroom, vroom, vroom!
So, honey, I wanted
to talk to you
about how crazy
Daddy was yesterday.
He was so crazy, right?
Talking about
all that lotion stuff?
My God, I wish I could say
he's gonna be better,
but we both know he's not.
So...
honey, I just want
to make sure you know
that there's nothing wrong
with your skin.
You're so strong
and so handsome and...
Wait a minute.
Okay, the podcast said
do not focus on beauty
or he is going to become
an egomaniac.
I got this.
[ Inhales sharply ]
Devante...
you are so smart.
Goop said compliments
are the new smoking.
Okay. Honey...
I just want you to understand
that you...
you are
my special little boy ‐‐
but not so special
or so handsome or so smart
that you're gonna ‐‐
you're gonna become
a sociopath, so...
Do you understand?
[ Devante crying ]
Oh, my God. No.
Oh, God. Oh, no, no.
Okay. Um ‐‐
No, please don't cry!
Please don't cry!
Okay. It's okay.
Sweetheart, it's fine.
Listen. Come here.
Vroom! Vroom!
Look at this truck!
This is my favorite truck!
Vroom, vroom!
Do you want ice cream
for dinner, honey?
[ Crying continues ]
Oh, look at you!
You look beautiful, baby.
I killed Picture Day.
See, without my glasses, people
saw a whole new Diane Johnson.
See, Miguel Juarez
did a double take
when I walked by
like a beer commercial,
and his girlfriend
was maaad.
That feeling never
gets old, you know.
The other day,
I started a fight
between a couple
at the fruit stand.
Oh.
[ Laughs ]
Ho!
That's what you wore
for Picture Day?
Yeah. Isn't it dope?
What you think, Grandma?
Well, what I think is,
um...
I'm gonna buy
a dozen yearbooks
and pass 'em out
to all my friends.
Well, you got to let me
autograph 'em
before you pass 'em out.
Alright, now.
Dre: Mm‐hmm.
You cannot
be okay with that.
Well, you know, he's just
expressing himself.
He looks like
he's expressing himself
right into clown college!
You know, I think
I have a connect
on the yearbook committee.
Maybe I can get
the photo wiped?
How you gonna
have your son
out in the streets
looking like that?
Why didn't you talk some sense
into that boy?
I'm trying to watch
how I talk to our kids
because I'm afraid
I'm messing them up.
What you talking about?
Those kids are fine.
Are they?
Because I don't know that.
Warning Devante not to be ashy
probably gave him nightmares.
And if I tell him to work hard,
is he gonna get obsessive?
And if I tell him
work isn't everything,
is he gonna get lazy?
And if I tell him
to keep his chin up,
is he gonna get
plastic surgery
and end up looking like
Michael Jackson?!
Hey, hey, now.
Come on.
Ain't no sense in getting
all emotional, pumpkin.
I'm not emotional!
Yes, you are.
Now, you the man
of this house.
You got to keep
your emotions in check!
Just like I've been telling you
since you were a kid!
[ Voice breaking ]
You're right, Mama.
I'll keep my emotions
in check.
'Course I'm right.
You go on over there and make
yourself a snack or somethin'.
And if you're gonna cry,
you go somewhere
where them kids
won't hear you!
Yes, ma'am.
[ Scoffs ]
I'll cry quietly.
Rainbow: Dre?
[ Sobbing ]
Dre!
What are you doing?
[ Crying ] My mom said
I shouldn't cry
in front of the babies.
I guess our kids aren't the only
ones that are affected
by something that their parents
have said to them.
Yeah.
Well...
At least I fixed Devante.
[ Whimpers ]
[ Strained sob ]
No, I didn't.
I blew it!
I blew it big‐time!
[ Sobbing ]
I want cake.
[ Sobbing ] There's more
under the sink!
Really?
Yeah.
Chocolate, strawberry.
[ Sighs ]
Babe.
Yeah?
Do you think I've been
using these secret cakes
as a way to soothe myself
as I'm trying to control
the natural emotions
I'm pushing down?
Well, Dre, when Junior
dropped out of college,
you gave the bakery half
of your paycheck every month,
so, you know...
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I don't know
what all that was.
You know, I'm just now
starting to realize that...
it was a lot of pressure
growing up in a house
where I was told
to check my emotions
because I was
the man of the house.
Ugh. That's a lot of
responsibility on a child.
Yeah, but get this.
Hmm?
I understand why she was
telling me that.
Why?
She was doing her best
to prepare me
for the world
that I was in.
Hmm.
But still...I always
had a voice in my head
making me feel bad
every time I got emotional.
And today I realized
that voice was my mama.
Dre.
Hmm?
We are gonna be the voice
in our child's head.
So what are we gonna do
about it?
I do not know.
You know, if ‐‐ if we're gonna
fail no matter what...
Mm‐hmm.
...do we just lean into it?
I‐I don't know.
A‐Abandon them?
No, Dre.
That's still illegal.
Okay, so we just
live with the fact
knowing we're gonna be the voice
in their heads influencing them
towards every good and bad
decision that they'll ever make.
Yes, I think so.
Mm!
You know, I ‐‐ I have my
parents' voices in my head, too.
Mm‐hmm.
But they're super positive.
They were constantly telling me
over and over and over
and over again
how smart I was, you know?
But it made me believe
that the way
to make people happy...
is to achieve.
Mm.
Oh.
That's why I'm always telling
people that I'm a doctor!
Ha ha! Yeah!
It's the voice in my head!
Ah.
[ Laughing ]
Well, maybe now that you
realize it, you'll stop.
No.
I'm not hurting anybody.
No, you're just
killing them.
I am not killing people,
Dre.
There's, like, one a year.
And I don't kill them.
They just die.
It's not my fault.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Oh, wow.
Jack, I am really sorry.
What? Did you make me eat
something that's not food again?
No, somebody from the yearbook
committee leaked your photos.
They're everywhere.
Really?
Oh, no, yo.
They made you a meme.
Gimme that.
This is dope!
Wait. What?!     Wait. What?!
I'm being shared everywhere.
I got to make merch
and an Instagram
where I can localize
all the posts.
Oh, my God.
I could be an NFT.
I'm gonna be a legend!
We do not deserve him.
I've got to figure out
how to screw him out
of that NFT money.
I'm not perfect.
I'm going to make mistakes.
But knowing those mistakes
will become voices in his head
makes the stakes feel too high.
All I'm saying is...
we can be imperfect together
on the path
to getting better.
Alright?
You get me, son?
I love you, Daddy.
Oh.
But as long as one of those
voices is me saying...
I love you, too,
Devante.
...I've done my job
as a parent.
Okay. Go get ready.
I love you, too, Dad.
Don't you have
your own place?
Jack:
When that meme first dropped,
I thought it would die down
in a few days.
But before I knew it,
it took on a life of its own.
I was getting offers
left and right.
My face was on billboards,
they let me dance
at the Puppy Bowl
halftime show,
and I became the co‐host
of a new "Soul Train"
with a hologram Don Cornelius.
The meme
became so popular
that I sold my life rights
to the highest
corporate bidder.
That's how I became
a trillionaire.
And that's also how
you guys got your names,
Sierra Mist
and Mountain Dew.
Anyway, let's take
that warp‐speed jet
to visit Aunt Diane
and Uncle Michael B. Jordan.
Come on.